Hello dear friends, you look
srz
this third edition of the victrix tavern will
be called a new series of commercials
dedicated to jailbreak and tick for ios 7
like not going out every week and why
go release because before 2 we
already they were called themselves actual
tweaks for ios and we start give on
Yuri Denisovich who annoys me
your heart has this black one
bars in the lower bar upper bar in
camera which would be the grandee for
all switches it looks a bit
scary and closes and fate pictures
so before called transparent
the camera bar he lets you take here
these are black stripes and their memory on
wonderful blur effect
losing everything but why it was impossible to do
she herself began as it were very cool
fits into her all blur everything
as it should, therefore, we depend on juice where will
be your camera to us will
watch it and be done
blur loves very beautiful
agree and also with this fic
bundles and tweak called ocean
blue seven
kick is exposed by default along with
him on this tag allows you to customize
and regulate who will be so blue
blur in this type so if you
put on a minimum as you understand
blurring will not be at all and it generally
I really like the way she looks
just some sliders with no background and
now we can go back to ours
the first previously mentioned telly and there
perform about some setting ie
see how well they work these two
tweak bundles right there we can set up
on the transparency themselves switch the fairies not
background them on the switches themselves in
we put the camera on low levels
see it disappears to the maximum then
do you have more space now
maximally appear on the screen
picture they are closed in black
strips every there switches
so the 20th century in general, you take Henna
on yourself get out than cool and
the most important thing is free and the next one
some that I propose to see
called far it is right by the name the
fabric
the bottom line is you so we
whether to get quick access any
one sentence directly with
home screen
is he this tag is different from types
which controls
that is, to be from the frame of the center to them
us screen home all that you and you
able to make your left simple
side home like this you are nowhere vaio 6th
gets access to spotlight search and
get quick access any
let the camera drop one application
there is a calculator but you can choose any
the application that you installed more often
it costs me a lot of boxing
any official mail
the next is absolutely amazing simple
and the logical tweak is called insi kill
the bottom line is to let him get
access exactly who and what you
fertilizer which she wants for example if
you will make a settlement with you
access to all if i'm off to the left
only today according to the extreme
the right corner then get from leisure shorts
missed very simple and logical and very
the main thing again is their free last
type on which we will not look
called foot sounds
it is for those who can not
reconcile with everyone still yearn for 6
This effect adds sound to us.
unlock the one that time
attended 6 of which unfortunately
we are not around can also customize
volume and unlock that pretty
nevertheless convenient and what type of custom waves gas
and set up my
its volume and this was the third release
kind of vi-xiii shitikov comments like you
such a concept put huskies and
be sure to subscribe to the channel
subscribe to twitter on vkontakte
there are a lot of interesting things written up
new releases and updates for now